On the product detailed screen we started working on that already but we're not really.
Well outputting anything useful there.
Now it's time to change this.
For that I'll replace a j as X called recurrent using there with a scroll view because as I mentioned
earlier will output our image there.
Our product description and this could be a very long description or we're simply viewing this on a
smaller device or in landscape mode.
So we definitely want to have some scroll content there.
And by the way we don't need flat list here because the content will not be infinitely long.
We know pretty much that it will not be that long in advance.
So scroll use perfectly fine and in that scroll you can now add an image component which outputs that
product image at the top let's say and below that we can then maybe add our button to allow us to add
to a cart and below that we can have our text like displaying the price and then maybe the text for
the description so 40 image.
We need to set up the source prop and that is an object which has a you or I property.
And of course we have our select the product here so the source is just select the product dot image
you are L because I'll select the product is of well the type we defined in our products model on the
button here we can add a title of add to cart because that's the and what this button should do.
And on press well does nothing for now but later will add this to cart then here.
I want you out with the price.
We don't need God but the title because that's already part of the header.
So we see the title there but here I want you out with the price in dollars by referring to select the
product a price to fixed to which I did before.
And then down there all the descriptions.
So here we have select a product dot description like this.
OK.
So that's looking good.
Now it's time for some styling of course.
For example for the image will definitely have to set a width and height because it's a network image.
So here I'll add the image style which I have to add to my style sheet.
Now for the texts here this textured of a style of price maybe which we have to add.
And then this here this text should have a style of description maybe sounds like a fitting name.
Now into style should we have to add all these things so let's start for the image.
They're all add a width of 100 percent.
This should really take the full available width and the height of three hundred maybe.
And of course you can play around with that.
You could also use a percentage value for dad or use the dimensions API to kind of calculate this dynamically
there after I went to have my price.
That price text should have a font size of 20 because people should of course be able to see it a colour
of dad a grayish historic grayish colour I used early already and a text alignment off center so that
it's always centered.
Also a margin on the vertical axis of 20 maybe so around it of 20 and then they're offered the description
description actually can have a fun size of let's say 14 let's see where that works and in there also
use text align center something like that if we save that let's have a look at that doesn't look too
bad now for the button I went to set a different colors I'll add colour here and set this to colors
which we need to import of course from our constants folder colour start primary and now if we save
this does looks quite nice on Android you see that the buttons it's directly below the image though
and that it's a full with button.
It's the same here for ISIS there.
We just don't see it.
But if I tap here you also see that this button gets pressed and that's actually not what I want here.
So.
Well do as all Raptors button in a view which I'll give a style of let's say actions.
Even though it's only one action here you could maybe have multiple buttons here for different things.
So I'll add my actions key here to the style sheet.
And there we can set for one a margin on the vertical axis of 10 to top and bottom and align your items
in the center.
Which because the devil flex direction is column centers it horizontally and now we have more spacing
here and we see this even better on Android more spacing.
And but now does not stretch as it would be it's twofold a line item setting anymore but instead only
takes as much with as it needs and is aligned in the center.
So this is the setup.
I'll go with.
Of course you can still tweak this in different ways if you wish to.
To me this doesn't look too bad.
Let's all of you like a different item maybe also this one.
Yeah.
That's all looking quite nice.
Now for a longer text here though you see that's not that beautiful there should be more spacing.
So actually on the description of all to add a little margin horizontal all that say 20 so that we have
spacing around this so that if we have another look at this you see now it is automatically jumps into
a new line which it should.
OK.
So that's looking good.
Now we have the broad act detail screen.
Now before we continue I want to bring my own fonts and use those because I'm not happy with the default
fonts.